Project is DONE!

1. simply run ts.py, rs.py and then client.py files(use terminal -> python <filename.py>).
2. results will be written to RESOLVED.txt
3. we still need to work on the README file.

Name: Luis Figueroa-Gil     NetId: lef72

1. Briefly discuss how you implemented your recursive client functionality.
The client creates two sockets, one for TS server and the other one for RS server by using TCP connection. After doing the
three way handshake process, the client side sends a request, which is each line of the PROJI-HNS.txt file, first to the RS
server. Upon request, both RS and TS servers store some Hostnames, IP addresses, and DNS types records on its own hash table
to make faster the looking up process.
Basically, if the information required is on the RS server (It compares the client’s information to its own hast table), then
a unique hostname, IP address, and DNS record are returned to the client. If the information required is not in the RS server
side, then the client proceeds to send the query to TS server. If the information is in the TS server, then returns the
appropriate information. If not, then returns HOST NOT FOUND to the client.

2. Are there known issues or functions that aren't working currently in your attached code? If so, explain.
No.

3. What problems did you face developing code for this project?



4. What did you learn by working on this project?
In terms of theory and concepts, we learn the basis of networking, how connections works on two different endpoints, and the
differences between TCP and UDP protocols. In terms of applying these concepts to practice, we learn the basis of socket
programming using the socket module in python to create connections between different endpoints by using TCP protocols, accept
those connections, and send/receive information between these end points. In addition, we have an insight of how DNS lookups
work by implementing two servers. One simulating a root dns server, and another server simulating a top-level dns server.
